(7 hours) Time to learn about SL4A to see if I could use it for my project. Ran scripts, learned the interface. Read about the android facades available.
Browsed through the novel: Pro Android Python with SL4A.

(10 hours) With the realization that SL4A allowed for texts to be sent, I spent time seeing if one could compile it as an apk. Explored options using Eclipse ADT plug 
in, command prompt building as described in Pro Android, online scripts. The challenge is you need to package not only the python, but the whole SL4A in the apk. 
Kept perusing this but kept getting build errors after importing the SL4A code. Other people have done it. After too much time, advised to give up and work on project.

(10 hours) Start to code. 
Get basic texting scripts done. Get script to view texts, view contacts, print texts. Solid basic understanding with basic script.

(11 hours) Start on GUI. Two methods. Webview (calls HTML,CSS,javascript file) or fullscreenwrapper (GUI module). Every example I see uses webview. Pursue webview.   
Spend time trying to get webview examples found online to work. Try about 5-6. Time consuming. Do not work. Wonder if because code is wrong, uses old version of SL4A,
other reason?
Decide to try and run code on emulator. Attempt to get emulator working through Android SDK AVD Manager. Works but no internet connection. 
Unknown cause. Therefore cannot get SL4A on emulator. 
Try to reinstall SL4A and python.


(12 hours)Decide I need to learn how HTML works to understand the code and perhaps see where it is going wrong. 
Read tutorial on HTML, CSS and Javascript. Tutorials can be found on echoecho.com. Easy to understand of course time consuming.
Understand HTML code. Do not understand why code does not work? Everything seems correct. Mess with code not that I understand it. 
No luck. Try to reinstall SL4A and python. Nothing.
Try instead of screen clicks, to hard code a command to print pre-determined string. Works! Why?


(4 hours)While trying to figure out why script does not work, turn to forums for help. People provide basic scripts that work. 
Does not work on my phone. Conclusion, webview does not work on phone and try fullscreenwapper(FSW). Lots of time wasted :/


(5 hours)The python for FSW is simple. Breeze through example!
GUI uses XML for android layout. Yay, another language to learn o.O
Learn XML by visiting android developer pages:
http://tinyurl.com/yj7ygbh
http://tinyurl.com/cddz6kb
etc…!	


(4 hours)Trying to write paper. Having problems with buttons. I tried to use an example from online on creating a button. 
Is the issue that it was defined in horizontal layout and I am using vertical?
Figure out the issue. My wraps of width and height were wrong for vertical view. 
Try to import pictures. Issues. Find resources online. 
Wish to expand buttons horizontally and space them out. Make picture centered and larger. 
Try different widths, gravities, weights. Different layouts and calls to picture fits. Margins finally work.
Note: used density dependent pixels, margins, etc so may not work for other phones 
Good resources to learn layout/ gravity:
http://tinyurl.com/35lod7w
http://tinyurl.com/b39ovno
http://tinyurl.com/29eerpp




(1.5 hour)EasyBlue hardware came. Don’t need to write code on computer and transfer to computer to test. Allows use of laptop mouse/keyboard as phone input!
Start learning event handlers. Code quit botton (screen press) and back button (hard button press). 
Have buttons load up dummy function. Code about loop. Change the titlelayout. Add about button and eventhandler. 


(1.5 hour)Work on about layout XM and code to switch before title layout and about layout. Adjusted the gravity and layout to work. 
Need to guess how to switch between layouts. Several attempts and get it. Can switch between title and about layout!
XML Font info: http://tinyurl.com/bdrod23



(2 hours)Wish to create scrollable contact view. Contact Façade gives me access to contact number/name. 
How to make this work with XML? All example code online is java, java adapters, 
fixed length lists of under 10 elements (my list has variable unknown length)	


NOTE: Just stumbled upon fullscreenwrapper2. Released in August. I shall investigate as says it supports listView for XML. 
Upset I did not find this before. More wasted time?
“"It's just that given SL4A's architecture based on socket communication, you cannot really have the same programmatic/object access. 
What FullScreenWrapper2 tries to do is to give you an emulated intuitive programmatic/object-like access to your Views and event handling 
to simplify programming so you don't need to directly deal with SL4A event and full screen functions. The limitation of SL4A's FullScreenUI 
architecture is that you can create your views only through loading XML layouts and not programmatically at any time."	


(2.5 hours)Kind of upset when I learn I need to port all my code to this ned GUI module. Life o.O. 
I look over example code and prefer its layout to FSW. 
Work to get quit and back button to work in this new form. 


(4 hours)Need to code other layouts and connect them. Figure out how to use newEvent handlers. 
Took time to code other screens, esp send Text Screen. 
Looks good but wish I could use more than XML layouts. Kinda dull o.O	


(6 hours)Need to create contact chooser with the listView. No documentation provided except for its possible. Really? :/ 
Time for brute force guess and check. 
Figure out how to organize contacts, use list view, use event handler….took SOO long to figure out 	


(1.5 hours)Wish for contact list to not only display names, but number and type (work, cell, etc). 
Learn attributes of contact Façade. Android stores type as data2 and data2:1 = home,  data2:2=cell..etc 


(1 hour)Need to now return the contact chosen to the send sms layout from the choose contact layout. 
Expect this to be hard as call layouts, not load through a function. However, they are same class. 
Unable to. Email developer of FSW2. He REPLIED! He says each layout is activity and cannot share variables between layouts. 
Suggest to use database or global. Try global but keeps resetting itself. No luck. Come back to this. 
Working with text façade. Issues converting to string. Texts stored an Unicode. Must turn to string and get rid of Unicode.


(20 hours)Found a way around contact layout sharing event with sendsms layout. 
Use popup dialog box on sms to display all contacts. Add features:
Choose contact layout, choose multiple contacts, check if contacts picked and length less than 160 before sending, 
dict to store texts and contact info (uses hash table so no more lag!), sort texts by person, data, open, unopen, speech recognition to input text, 
spinner at startup with creating text/contact dictionaries, sort choose contact (as dict is usually unsorted). 
Tried to add HTTP server functionality or backup docs to Google docs. Both are possible. 
For some reason, I got the HTTP server to work but browser unable to go to site. 
Friend says this occurs on CMU network. Unable to write to google docs. 
Unsure why? Google issue and realize the files for the google docs api are out of date for SL4A. 
Do not wish to replace them so… Project done as 1 day left?!!	


Note: Funny momments in project: While adding above features. Instead of pulling numbers from chosen contacts, pulled from contacts list. 
Send a large subset of my contacts ~(50 people) a text message. Had fun explaining why I sent  “Enter_SMS_Here”	
